Slight tweak for Contributing.md (#4592)
redwoodjs/redwood: CONTRIBUTING.md

> `rwfw` is short for Redwood Framework.

> Navigate to your Redwood Project and run `RWFW_PATH=<framework directory> yarn rwfw project:sync`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command requires an env var `RWFW_PATH`. Unless you add the env var and value to your shell, the command structure will be `RWFW_PATH=<framework directory> yarn rwfw [option]`.

> Note: On Windows, use `yarn cross-env RWFW_PATH=<framework directory> rwfw [option]`

Navigate to your Redwood Project and run the following, replacing `~/redwood` to match your local path:
```

Ah, I see what's happening here. What about my suggestion in attempt to add more clarity.

Author: I'd like this part to be the one used by 99% of contributors - if this is what it is

Navigate to your Redwood Project and run `RWFW_PATH=<framework directory> yarn rwfw project:sync`

for me this was a copy and paste the command situation -- your clarification removes that and requires me to know which option to pick (yes, they are all explained but, for instance: why does the example use --link ?

Reviewer 2: @ajoslin103 Sorry this got behind us! I thought @thedavidprice's comment was an improvement so I commit merged that for now. 

The example using `--link` is a different command for building the test project. Does that clear up the confusion?
